feat(typography): DSYS-828 | font weight semibold (#2722)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/yellow-moose-push.md

---

> "@sumup-oss/eslint-plugin-circuit-ui": minor

Reviewer: This is breaking change compared to the previous pre-release version.

```suggestion
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": major
```

---

> Added semibold weight option to Body and Compact. Added weight prop to Display component. Replaced bold with semibold for Numeral weight options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a semibold weight option to the Body and Compact components. Added the `weight` prop to the Display component. Removed the `weight` prop from the Numeral component and changed its default font weight to semibold.
```
